# journal-server

This acts as a simpe node server to serve up all files in a given directory, with a listing of the files, served in a simple JSON array, at the root of the server.

This is intended to serve up journal files generated by [droplogger](https://github.com/goodevilgenius/droplogger/), but could be used for a number of things.

Future versions will add some security features.

## Usage

Before anything else, you will need npm or yarn available.

First, create a directory that will house the server. The files to be served would best be added as a subfolder of this folder.

Initialize this directory as a node project with `npm init`, or `yarn init`.

Next, add the server with `npm install git@github.com:goodevilgenius/journal-server.git` or `yarn add git@github.com:goodevilgenius/journal-server.git` (I don't currently have plans to add it to the npm registry).

Next, add your sub-directory of files to be served. If you've already been using droplogger, you could mv your `Journal` folder to this folder (make sure to update your `droplogger` configuration).

Modify the `package.json` by adding the following:

```json
"scripts":{
    "start":"journal-server -f Journal"
}
```

Replace `Journal` with the name of the directory to be served. You can also add a port to serve it on with `-p PORT`. Without, it will use 8080.

Next, run `npm start` to start the server.

You can deploy just about anywhere.

## Alternate usage

It can also be installed globally, and used with any folder on the filesystem.
